Find out the listening using this cmd :-
                       netstat -ano | findstr "LISTENING"
It show the your computer listening to other software/hardware using which port number.

Introduction to HTTP Requests
  In this lesson, we are learning all about HTTP requests and the language that allows you to make requests to your Node server.

What is HTTP?
  HTTP stands for HyperText Transfer Protocol. The first part, HyperText, is similar to HTML, which stands for HyperText Markup Language. The Transfer Protocol describes HTTP as a language that allows computers to communicate with each other across the Internet.

As humans, we use language to transfer thoughts between each other. For computers, HTTP is the language that allows them to understand each other over the Internet.

Basic Vocabulary of HTTP
  Just as you would learn a few words when visiting a new country, it is important to learn the basic vocabulary of HTTP. There are five main words you will encounter: GET, POST, PUT, PATCH, and DELETE.

GET
  GET is used when you want to request a resource from the server. This could be an HTML website, a piece of text, or data from a database. When you make an HTTP request using GET, you are retrieving something from the server.

POST
  POST is used when you want to send a resource to the server. For example, when a user signs up on your website, their email and password are sent to your server using a POST request. The server can then process or save this information.

PUT and PATCH
  PUT and PATCH are both update methods, but they work differently. A PUT request replaces a resource entirely with the new data you send. PATCH, on the other hand, is used to update part of a resource, similar to patching up a broken item.

A helpful analogy is an Amazon return: if you receive a broken bicycle, Amazon can either send you a new bicycle (PUT) or just the broken wheel (PATCH).

DELETE
  DELETE is straightforward; it deletes resources from the server or database. This is a request from the client to the server to remove something.

With these five words, you can navigate the world of HTTP requests.

Setting Up a Node and Express Server
  Let us look at a real example. Here, a server is created using Node and Express, running on port 3000. When you try to load the website at localhost:3000, you may get an error saying "Cannot GET." This means the server does not yet have code to handle GET requests for the root path.

To fix this, you need to add code that tells the server what to do when a user tries to access the home page.

The forward slash (/) at the end of the address represents the home page. When you load localhost:3000 or localhost:3000/, it is making a GET request to the root.

Now, by adding the Express GET method, the server knows how to respond to a GET request at the root. Inside the anonymous function, you can define how the server responds, such as sending the words "Hello World."

When you load the home page at localhost:3000 with this updated code, you will see "Hello World" in the browser.

Exercise: Setting Up Your Server
  Repeat the process from the previous lesson to set up a new server using Node and Express. The steps are listed out for you to follow:

1-  Create a new folder in your Backend module called 3.2 HTTP Requests.
2-  Create an index.js file inside the folder.
3-  Initialize NPM in the project folder.
4-  Install Express using npm.
5-  Import Express and set up your app.
6-  Start your server and listen on port 3000.

